What is new:
1. In reservation page:
a). an option to switch between manual mode of selection of types of rooms and number of rooms.
b). on clicking on "Manual Selection" a tabel appears with all types of rooms , their capacities and rates
c). there are hidden <input> tags for using the data in backend.
d). each type of room have a switch to toggle the selection of that particular room type
e). on toggling the switch the corresponding input ("readonly" in starting) will be editable to have number of rooms of that particular type.
f). customerID is removed
g). I kept days of stay  and weekend days, as it was easier for me to calculate total prices and moreover it looks good to me, having a summary of day I would spend in a hotel
h). user can return to automatic price calculation mode by clicking on "Switch to Auto Mode".

2. In confirmation page:
a). By default this page shows a summary of the trip with just days and month of stay, number of guests.
b). Price Details section shows the price of rooms by dividing it by types of rooms
c). If user wants to see the details of their account , Click on "Details" just next to "Your Trip" heading.
d). It opens the detailed view of user's account along with bookingID generated by server.
e). The gallery of this page will show the pictures of all type of rooms booked, for this a js function can be written which takes the id's of the rooms booked and remove the class "hidden" from the element of class (pictures also have the same class as room's id)
f). The rooms id's that I used are
	2001 - single
	2002 - double
	2003 - queen
	2004 - king
	2005 - hollywood
	2006 - cabana
	2007 - suite
	2008 - presidential
g). In confirmation page I used dummy data to demonstrate the design and working of the page, but the actual data will be comming from the backend and I don't know how does asp.net sends context to webpages so that needs to be done by your side.
h). Internal detail: 
	there are two galleries in confirmation page ["gallery1" and "gallery2"] so to show the picture of the rooms you will have to select the elements by their classes which are same as room's ids. Don't confuse html ids and classes with room's ids.
i). The reason for using two galleries is to make the page look more asthetic. It just dos'nt looked good when I used one gallery.